QUANTUM POKER: when you have no reads on your opponents (and can’t make an exploitative, g [The Prisoner’s' Dilemma=iT his is something you may, remember, from highschool The prisoner's dilemma talks about a'situation in which two, people both have to make decisions for,themselves on whether or; not to, confess toa crime and get their partner in trouble (defect) or stay quiet! and hope their partner does the same (cooperate) Prisoner B stays sient {cooperates) Prisener B confesses (defects) Prisoner A stays sient. Prisoner A: 1 year v Each serves 2 month M {cooperates) Prisoner B: goes free Prisoner A confesses I Prisoner A: goes free Each serves 5 months (defects) Prisoner B: 1 year g They would both individually be better off to defect becatise they either; serve no time or five months, but if they cooperate, they either serve two, months or one year. Defecting nets either prisoner, 2.5 months in jail but [cooperating!nets]them}7imonthslin)jailY Butlif they bothl{trusted each) other and didn’t defect, they would both be guaranteed some jail time; but! overall serve lower time between them than if one defected. i Page 13304232 + SI It goes to show that people are making choices for themselves and each erson has their own position in which they have to make their decision This leads to finding a Pareto optimal decision, or the best decision to make regardless of what everyone else is doing. In poker; this kind of idea could! refer, directly, to your,opening ranges from'all positions at a table where ou don't know how any of your opponents playYott don't want to make, the best play assuming your opponent fcooperateszawith you; you want to, make the best play assuming that your opponent may cooperate or defect (Game Theory Salmethodlof studying strates decision making sing} ED CB CR nt) Cpa Co ArT, rationalldecisionTmakersYinithefgamelofipoker$ peoplefaren‘tfalways intelligent or rational, but they are always making some sort of decision Game theory uses ideas like Pareto optimal behavior, logic, to make the best possible decisionYSo our goal is to become the best game theorist out there, because poker is a game (obviously) and the person who, implements the best theory will win at it I I 5 7 H Ei ncentives = the rewards of decisions3There are more than just financial! incentives to many, people at the poker tablefand determining what else; [theyfareltryingltolgainlmayhelplyoulmakelalbetter]decisionY Moral] incentives may,come, into, play,if;someone,wants to be nice, to, you, their fellow man? Natural incentives may occur,when people seek to avois the embarrassment of making a bad decision, or losing all of their money. 25 ming Jet In Dock]