3 QUANTUM POKER: The only other completely logical reason that you are checking is only; ecause betting is-EV, and folding is 0 EV, and checking will always yield at! or more than 0 EViThis is generally known as the check/fold situation During our,enumerationof,acheckiwe need to enumerate the times we will be able to make profitable bets later combined with the times we, are not the equity favorite but can still profitably call; versus the times we, ecome a significant equity loser and must fold to our opponent's bet Each ermutation that ends in folding loses us:SP.because we could have bet the, op to capture that'sP, but instead we checked leading toa 0 EV play. permutation thatends in us only being able to call is not likely to yield us as much as our5P,bet would have if we had made it on the flop! (This is just! my assumption based on how NLHE equities tend to run and the fact that eople like to bet close to the pot size so,we won't be getting great odds.) we need to make sure, we are averaging more than the original!SP. BF BD 7 oy 5: g g 5 H 5 Bg jy 2 > I This example doesnt have a specific answer because it'all depends on our,opponent (and I'didn't even'specify hole cards)SThe idea here is to, open your mind to the true value= be it EV.or ASV.= of your decision Even though it's a lot to take in; try to think about all of this information before, deciding to check back a street. 3 Another note about checking: is that it keeps the pot'size smaller, those future bets need to capture more, value than'a beton the current I I i Page 99 of 232  AW) street would have because the bet on the current street leads to a bigger bet: on the nextyand there are a fixed number of streets I think (Evereey is one of those things that is inherent in all players that go for,a check for;deception,or,check/raise or; slowplay; but again; it's a topic, that seems so, obvious,\yet it never, gets talked about to the fullest; until now). Try to keep in mind how opponent ranges and equities change) and how actions will change, evenifits in an intuitive method, rather than actually plugging in variables) I The Enumeration Process The best,way, to actually,enumerate would be to tise, Cardrunners EV} and plug in the situation and ranges given an action? In order to figure out; which action is best{you would then create another tree given the other; (ETD atm, (HENS Eres SR nf) (RRB aE, AD from sitting down and spending a few hours doing that; you could either; sit down with a piece of paper or excel spreadsheet and plug numbers an strings of calculations togetherfor just 'generalize to get an ideaof,what; Drm IER p aC gr tes bE tm dea the most hands ong solution, even though its less accurate; but all three; options have their;benefitslbased 'on'how,muchltime,youthave andthe complexity of the situation? Let's take a look at the three steps you shoul take when seeking to enumerate outa hand. I 3) H 2 &